This file contains descriptions about how to use the autograder. For information about the functioning of each autograder or the file system as a whole see "lab_assistant_template.py" or the README.

There are three sections to this file: what to give students, testing all submissions, and creating executables.



--What To Give Students--

The students should be provided with the zip files as seen in either Zip_Files_Executables or Zip_Files_Sources. If using executables, seperate zip files for Mac, Linux, and Windows should be made available.

Each zip file ought to contain an executable, input_override, necessary testing files, and an empty student submission (all files have a header structure, and some files contain partial code).

The student ought to be notified of the following:

	Executables may take 10-15 seconds longer to start on their first time running.

	To run executables on mac: https://support.apple.com/en-us/102445#openanyway
	Note: You need adminstrator access to run executables downloaded from the internet. This means that they do not work on library-loaned macs.

	To run executables on Windows: When you attempt to launch the app. You need to click "more info" then click "run anyway" on the popup.

	Notice that all student_submission files have a header structure at the top to import input, print. Please do not delete or modify it, it is necessary for the autograder.

	When the autograder returns results, don't be confused by this symbol ␣, it just indicates spaces.


--Testing All Submissions--

The primary folder contains sub folders for every lab. Each of these folder contain several files and sub folder themselves. 
The folders should include autograder.py, the check and X images, input_override, test_all_submissions.py, and the corresponding lab_xx_assistant.py.

To test all student submissions, create a sub folder for each student of the format firstname_lastname in the appropriate lab. Download each student's submission into their folder. 
Run test_all_submissions either from IDLE or from the terminal. All files will be dispersed as necessary across the student folders. The loading screen will appear as all submissions are tested.
A summary for each student will be displayed informing the instructor of a pass, a global error (such as a syntax error or misnamed file), a set of failed tests, or a warning for malicious code. 
For failed tests and for a malicious code warning especially, we highly recommend that the grader spends extra time to ensure that no false negatives have occurred.


Some labs do not have an autograder. For these labs, a file called check_all_syntax is provided to the grader instead. This runs only the syntax_checker on all files instead. 
It may be useful to provide a very broad check for submissions before requiring the grader to grade all submissions manually.

Both test_all_submissions and check_all_syntax function by using the file syntax_checker.py.


--Creating Executables--

For more detailed explanations regarding executables see the README in the Zip_Files_Executables folder.

To be able to create exectubles, certain packages must be downloaded, run python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt in the terminal to install the prerequisites.

To create the executables and zip files for a particular OS, simply run createExe.py on the appropriate system. It is likely that it must be run from the terminal. 
The code will create executables and zip files for all lab folders and place them in the appropriate sub folder; Linux_Zips, Mac_Zips, or Windows_Zips.

This function must be run independently on each system to obtain the executables and zips for each one.
